System Integration Manager

Bakers Delight Holdings 
3.3
219 reviews
·
View all jobs
Salary Seeker
$119,000 - $200,000
Camberwell, Melbourne VIC
Programme & Project Management (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 2h ago
How you match
1 skill or credential matches your profile
 Solutions Design
Show all⁠
At Bakers Delight our vision is to be the most loved bakery in every community.  We've built our business through commitment to the quality of our product, the development of our people and by providing a delightful experience to all of our customers.


At Bakers Delight our vision is to be the most loved bakery in every community.  We've built our business through commitment to the quality of our product, the development of our people and by providing a delightful experience to all of our customers.

The Opportunity

Based in our Camberwell Support Office, and reporting to the Group Chief Technology Officer, the System Integration Manager plays an important role in being responsible for the manifestation of strategic solution design and accountable for designing, developing and maintaining system integration solutions.

The successful applicant will have experience working effectively across multiple teams and vendors, and understand the variety of different technologies to exchange data.

Working in a fast paced and high performing team, your responsibilities include:

Design Integration Solutions in accordance to approved Enterprise Architecture.
Develop Integration Solutions.
Maintain Integration Platform.
The platform is up to date with security patches and version updates.
Define, maintain, and enforce best practices for solution design and deployment.

Let’s hear about you!

Joining this dedicated and well-regarded department, the ideal candidate will bring to the team experience in:

Designing and developing integration solutions for medium and large organisations using iPaaS. Boomi experience highly regarded.
Hands-on experience working with integration technologies and messaging standards (REST API, GraphQL, Json, XML, SFTP).
Good understanding of CI/CD, Agile, DevOps principles.
Bachelor’s Degree in IT/Computing (desirable)

Why Bakers Delight?

You’ll “loaf” being part of the Bakers Delight family!!  As well as the opportunity to work for a leading and successful international food retailer and well-respected franchisor with bakeries in over 600 locations across Australia, Canada and the USA, Bakers Delight offers a professional, fun and friendly working environment in newly renovated offices. 

You’ll also have access to a range of benefits and programs that aim to support, reward and inspire:

Excellent working conditions and workplace flexibility, including hybrid work, work from anywhere and purchased additional annual leave policies.
A remuneration program which includes participation in our bonus program.
Corporate casual dress environment and free lunch in the office every day!
Professional development opportunities.
Health and wellness activities.
Novated Lease options.
Working in an organisation with a strong focus on corporate social responsibility and doing the right thing and encouraging employees to do the same via our Volunteer Leave and Giving policies.
If you have what it “bakes”, and are ready for your next challenge, don’t miss out - apply today!


Please, no recruitment agencies at this stage. 


Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
Are you legally entitled to work in Australia (with no restrictions)?
What is the notice period for your current employment?
What is your expected total remuneration package (including superannuation and any allowances):
How many years of experience do you have in a similar role?
Do you have any FMCG/Retail/Franchise experience?
If you answered yes, what industry do you have previous experience in?
If you answered yes above, how many years experience do you have in that industry?
What, if any, relevant tertiary qualifications do you have?
What is your ideal balance of hybrid work (that is, how many days are you available to work in the office)?
Do you agree with the privacy policy?